inverse
What did you say? Say it again
I want to end my engagement with my uncle's family
What I do comfortably makes me do
Now go back to your room immediately and reflect
I thought you didn't say that.
I have always asked my father to fulfill you
Just for a dancer
Okay, okay.
I'll get out now
I don't have an unfilial son like you
Don't come back and beg me if you have no money in the future
Ah, debt, debt.
Hey, high point, high point, high point
Ouch, isn't this Miss Ou?
Tomorrow night is the election after the number one song
I join you
Have you ever won a row?
overreach
It is. It is.
I can't help myself.
27 Jiangbei Road
Hide a child
Last time you stole Sister Meng's bracelet
Changed the money to buy medicine for my mother
Humph
The things you did behind Sister Meng and Boss Li's back
And you and the red gang leader laundered money together